Conserve water - Shower with a friend
Don't drink and park - accidents cause people.
Keep America beautiful, swallow your beer cans.
I think I am lysdexic.
Drive defensively, buy a tank.
I think I am indecisive but I'm not too sure.
Famous last words: Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
Famous last words: Don't worry, it's not loaded.
If it doesn't fit, force it; if it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
Reality is a figment of your imagination.
Life is just one of those things.
Don't use force; use a bigger hammer.
Make WAR, not SEX, it's safer!
You know it's going to be a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor.
I can handle pain until it hurts.
Live teddy bears are best.
Nothing is illegal until you get caught.
The ultimate reason is "because."
I'm objective; I object to everything.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
Kiss me twice. I'm schizophrenic.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without hanging on.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
A day for firm decisions!!! Or is it??
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
I have always been crazy, but it kept me from going insane.
Never give a sucker an even break; take everything you can from him.
Millions of years ago, man climbed out of the slime. Want to join the party?
It's only a game until you lose.
If God had intended man to watch TV, he would have given us rabbit ears.
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Fine day to work off excess energy, steal something heavy.
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
Everything is unimportant in some way.
Life is a terminal disease.
Your lucky color has faded.
Yeah, there's a lot of stress here, but I'm not straining.
The world's so terrible that one can only make fun of it.
No matter where you go; you're there.
Love isn't love until you give it away.
Don't take me literally.
Nothing is ever 100%
If you knew what you were doing, you'd be bored.
It's not just reality that matters.
Pets aren't dangerous; just don't let them carry guns.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off.
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Take everything in stride. Trample anyone who gets in your way.
Do not believe in miracles - rely on them.
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
Save the whales, collect the whole set.
If everything is coming your way, then you're in the wrong lane.
90% of everything is crud.
LSD melts in your mind, not in your hands.
Earn cash in your spare time, blackmail your friends.
Oh well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Death is life's way of telling you you're fired.
If all else fails, throw up.
Do we know that life has a cause?
No one is perfect, but some of us are closer than others.
Fun is just point of view.
If you understand something today, it must be obsolete.
If ours is a man made world, why can't we remake it?
My rules apply only to other people, not myself.
In God we trust; all others must pay cash.
It's only hopeless if you walk away.
Keep that sense of humor; it's critical.
Imagination is the foundation of reality.
The real trick to carrying on is not getting carried away.
Life's a tough job, and the hours are a bitch.
Everything is possible; just not too probable.
Since when is talking a sign of thinking?
Looking to God for answers is premature.
I like quality, not quantity.
Why should I grow up?  This is more fun!
Reality is all a point of view.
Hugs don't feel as good on the computer.
Speak softly, but carry an M16.
Change a life; make someone feel important.
Don't let schooling get in the way of your education.
It's all a pigment of your hallucination.
Your type doesn't stay around long enough to stay your type.
Consider yourself hugged.
Just take a cold shower and sleep it off.
In theory, everything works.
Life is recursive.
Plagiarism is copying from one source; research is copying from two or more.
Repetition is always better the second time.
Clever is getting out alive.
Around here, to be nuts is normal, to be sane is stupid.
Just plead the Fifth -- or drink  it -- either way.
Death is the consequence of being alive.
Life's a beach, and then you drown.
Don't worry about life; you're not going to survive it, anyway.
Believe in Darwin; cancer cures smoking.
Time flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Have a nice day . . . somewhere else.
Was today really necessary?
Life without bears would be unbearable.
Lead me not into temptation; I can find it myself.
I've no time to prepare a profound message.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
Whatever it is -- I didn't do it!
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Optimism:  Waiting for a ship to come in when you haven't sent one out.
It's been Monday all week.
I'm surrounded by idiots!
Why be normal?
I don't know, I don't care, and it doesn't make any difference.
Don't take life too seriously; it's not permanent.
If you're gonna go, go obnoxiously.
I'm only a hypochondriac when I'm feeling sick.
I don't think I'd be so bored if I didn't have so much to do.
Never trust a nun with a gun.
No matter how bad a situation is, if you can't laugh at it, you are in really deep shit.
Never go into a hug off balance.
Life's a bitch, and then you're reincarnated.
Cute and interesting are two different things.
If there were no such thing as bears, what kind of hugs would we give?
Life without glasses is fuzzy-wonderful.
It's your right to be stupid, but it doesn't mean you should be.
Life's a trip and then you run out of Travelers' Checks.
If life's a trip, then where's my ticket?
I wouldn't know how to act if I weren't in trouble.
If you're gonna' panic, panic constructively.
A kibble is one thousand nibbles.
Having a good time can be deadly.
Reality is only fantasy gone stale.
Be good; if you can't be good, forget it!
Reality is a nice place, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Be fruit fly and multiple.
Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them.
Wouldn't it be nice if there was an Escape key for all of our problems?
I know my biology; it's your biology I don't know.
Life isn't weird; it's the people in it.
I should have known better; every happy moment in my life came from lying.
If you can't be weird, why be?
It isn't homework unless it's due tomorrow.
Gravity always gets me down.
I've given up trying to escape from reality; they always find me anyway.
I'm serious; it was a joke.
Hairy Kiwi:  Death by fruit.
If we're going to have fun, we've got to be serious about it.
If I can't fix it, it ain't broken.
I'm not a psychiatrist; I'm just an expert at being confused.
Now that I've finally got my act together,   I've forgotten what I'm supposed to do with it.
I cleaned up my act once, but I decided it was more fun when it was dirty.
This was only a test; if this had been a real emergency, you'd be dead.
For him to get an idea, it would be a surgical process.
I'm not a creep; I'm actually a wonderful person hiding inside the body of a creep.
I'm not crazy; I'm just a sane person trapped in the body of a lunatic.
Being good at being stupid doesn't count.
Some have morals, some don't, most simply ignore them.
You can't be late until you show up.
I just love nonverbal communication!
If we don't know it already, chances are we're not interested in learning it.
You've gotta' die in creative ways.
They keep saying the right person will come along; I think mine got hit by a truck.
Get out of my reality!
If it's not nailed down, it's fair game.
It's beautiful the way it is; why spoil it by making it legal?
Everybody looks brave holding a machine gun.
It's not when you get up, but when you get down.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
To err is human, to forgive is not Company Policy.
Of course there is no reason for it, it's just my policy.
Of course it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?
When in doubt, use brute force.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
All things are possible, except skiing through a revolving door.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean that they AREN'T after you.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
They told me I was gullible .. and I believed them.
When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.
Don't tell me any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
If you are feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
Today is an excellent day to have a rotten day.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Mother Nature is a bitch.
Smile . . . tomorrow will be worse.
When things just can't get any worse, they will.
Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse.
Always keep a record of data - it indicates you've been working.
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
Experiments should be reproducible - they should all fail in the same way.
Anything that begins well, ends badly. Anything that begins badly, ends worse.
Any given program, when running, it is obsolete.
Any given program costs more and takes longer
Hermits of the World...... Unite
Bad Spellers of the world Untie!
Religious fundamentalists are a plague sent by God to punish us for our joys.
I love animals -- They taste great!
EARTH FIRST!  We'll strip mine the other planets later. 
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies. 
The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot. 
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries. 
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac. 
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
I don't suffer from insanity.  I enjoy every minute of it. 
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Okay, who put a "stop payment" on my reality check?
We have enough youth.  How about a "fountain of smart".
We are born naked, wet, and hungry. Then things get worse. 
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
He's dead Jim.  You get his wallet, I'll get his tricorder.
Some days it's just not worth it to gnaw through the  leather straps.

